well we all go to all these tasks I hope you have the strength
not to think in super good we find today for the second
episode presentation of the medals
on this
in the college forward
a person who never realizes you will leave his village
poor tragedy adopted excuse me we pass we can do that either I have
disputed on the psf
do not hesitate to try it also to you want me to do
the presentations of the shares redeemed the seven and it's gone on
can start the presentation of the village the second in the series
so already this opinion is a game bought the building trap
this test which also for their age test flagship
because three strategic holes
for them troops can penetrate but if ever the two candidates
and yes to distrust
because a troop émile blessig and holes the agent of the actress camouflaged
The traps
benmouna it's three holes
to be able to mark also with whom she hoped he post forward center but
did not come out anymore
that the meaning of the treaty constitutes his second in something more
very solid
for the time not from here costs gaston sorcerer dispose competent
m if our analysis bravo huh
archives and barbarities committed in not even two seconds
but also mortars that are a little have them on the sides
all the Algerian people who is the biggest or very easily all of them
troops
but also the reluctant artic sea
arranged in triangle
the anti-aircraft defenses on its side which counts 44 tasks half of
workers say they are opposed to the environment
and also this plant
candy soral
we did it well during all the troops that are activated
and in the future
me thompson is for now we are very quickly maybe more you ask
there are also groups that drew the enemy's troops
so all that really makes it to rome
a very beautiful village
after he is also one of the weak points for example here
if you have a lot of resources
the opponent only has to criticize himself illegal white a word on your blog
talk about minutes
and that's really terrifying
but on the other hand you will see right away that the towers of the earth
those who are in single mode
they're really squeezing it on a strategic withdrawal
for jean-pierre
the progress of the Picardy dragons and also the hills
so these parties already you can see it
what I find the successful defense in five days is not bad
and here we go from a gameplay shop
who will show so tactical combat
so you can already see that the person attacked
at 18 years old decided to pose outside
with them so that the calculation per month
to be able to support them
I accelerate a little bit
So here we look
look at her
seeing the giant bombs ticking
there were all the troops that asked it's going to be still big carnage
ivory
I want to continue the good
she fills all the barbarians
and all the archers who exhibit
but after a small aluminum roof as a facilitator
with the best managers and with market shares can necessarily
Flagship tournaments are not very effective
you will see everything on time
so his second baby that it's really very effective in others
plotting
so look i'll show you the second since niculae
christina who in battle 2d i do not find that this morning threatening
openly that
ask directly
stuck at barbara here it's really something crucial that ever
do that
the level of his pursuing relatives
it's very very dangerous you never have to do that
because simply
in his opinion you have to go out
and sakineh mortars touch so that if it changes places
to return to their villages by is at a crossroads to great not be
sorcerer their advantage to score
infra the dead who will pay
elliott will be a lot easier to work
want to remind you that barbarians to destroy in two seconds
but per cent there were not as many competitors easily
so here I think that's all I had to say in this video
he did not hesitate to copy this village why your age exists and
if you ever want to win trophies quickly that wanted to form
at the same time at his parents' home a very complete village
also do not hesitate to which video if you want other episodes
could exist here are the seven I also know how to make presentations
of used it delimits with 8 9
do not hesitate
after winning the gold and the person
for the win
the same if we just wanted to sincerely regret
at the request of vaccinated people ie if it happened with
abandoning the idea that he is destined
marseille 23
the analysis is easy to access the balloon vecquerie instead of 34 seconds
are not enough really superb
and so what could come is the schlague 9 rock
I have 89
do not hesitate to come the big loan a lot of people
I tell you to approached friends ciao